hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna
introduce you a sci-fi thriller film
under the skin on some day in the future
around alien object approaches the earth
from the outer space a female voice
raises up softly with the pupil turning
vivid while from the deep woods at a
dark night a motorcyclist retrieves an
inert young girl and places her in the
back of a van
where a naked woman puts on her clothes
then departing away from the fellow
motorcyclist the woman drives the van to
a shopping mall where she buys some
clothes and makeups after all set she
drives along the street chatting and
picking up men with an excuse of asking
for way but it seems things don't go
well for her the girl got to keep
searching her target until the evening
when there comes her right target who's
single and lives alone with no families
she then lowers the mr. right into a
void house following the girl into the
void the mr. right undresses his clothes
rapidly ready for a fast sex with such
an amazing sexy naked lady standing up
front but he soon submerged into a
boundless liquid abyss the next day at a
beach the girl attempts to pick up a
swimmer who's a foreign tourist
traveling alone to this country but at
that right time the man is interrupted
by the cries of a drowning couple who
want to save their dog in the rough sea
the man rushes there to rescue the
husband but the husband goes back into
the water to save his wife
it ends up they both lose their lives as
the man lies exhausted on the beach the
girl strikes his head badly with a rock
and drags him all the way to the van for
departure later that night the
motorcyclist comes to the beach clearing
up the man swimmers belongings but
ignoring the couple's baby who's still
crying on the beach helplessly
the girl checks out another man who
walks alone to a nightclub the girl
attempts to follow the man inside but
she turns back due to loud noise there
nevertheless she soon welcomed warmly
inside by the ladies who were all coming
for the party the girl feels
uncomfortable by the loud noise and
flashlights at the nightclub she's going
to give up this time but the man comes
for her straightly given the chance the
girl lures the man into her house where
the man follows her into the void and is
submerged under the boundless silent and
horrible liquid he sees exactly the
flesh and blood of another guy is
drained up into a tunnel with the skin
only left behind the next day when
waiting for the traffic the girl
receives a rose from a street vendor who
breaks his finger unintentionally the
girl seems to be distracted by the blood
on the flower package what's more she's
further touched by the radio report
about the missing family at the beach
whose dead bodies are found but their
baby's still missing the girl then
seduces a lonely man into her house
after this mission done the girl fixes
her makeup in a mirror the fellow
motorcyclist checks her look for sure
and leaves with nothing strange found on
a walk at the street during the day the
girl stumbles down by accident but she
soon helped up by some kind hearted
strangers she keeps appreciating all day
long the busy but gentle human society
which touches her heart greatly later
that night she's out for some new target
when sitting alone in the van she soon
targeted by some gangsters who want to
break the window to reach her the girl
feels frightened up and leaves away
later she picks up a guy who walks alone
on the street but the guy has an ugly
disfigurement on the face which makes
him frustrated facing the seduce from
the sexy girl the ugly guy even doesn't
believe he's picked as the lucky one on
earth the mr. lucky then follows the
girl into her house however right before
the girl takes the action she examines
her human face look from the mirror
which raises her sympathy towards humans
so she decides to let go of the mr.
lucky
the fellow motorcyclist is irritated by
her move he intercepts the ugly guy and
bundles him into a car under the cover
of dense fog in the early morning the
girl abandons the van and walks to a
restaurant in a small town where she
attempts to taste a cake but wretches
and spits it out she then meets a man in
a bus stop who offers to help her so the
girl follows the man to his house where
the man prepares the beddings and meal
for her the girl is deeply touched and
ready for a human-like love at the same
time because of her changes the fellow
motorcyclists have to set out in pursuit
of the girl the next early morning the
man invites the girl to visit a ruined
castle where the man carries her overall
water Pole and helps her down some steps
at his house they kissed for love and
begin to have sex but the girl stops and
examines her genitals which frustrates
and makes herself realize that she's not
a real human by far then wandering alone
in a forest she meets a commercial
logger who attempts to rape her on sight
during her fierce struggles the longer
tears off some part of her skin by
accident the logger gets frightened and
runs away immediately as the girl
extricate herself from her skin slowly
revealing a black featureless body with
no vivid pupil anymore but only the
desperate sadness towards its human skin
however the logger comes back with
gasoline he douses her in fuel and burns
her alive in big fire the burning body
makes its struggle out of the woods and
dies down into the cold snow while her
alien fellows are still searching for
her in the middle of snowy nowhere this
is Daniel Cece movie review please
comment below thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel see you all next time with
more shows bye